add add'l faq to SL (#5374)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/sl-faqs.md

The dbt Semantic Layer does not store a physical copy of your data. It uses underlying tables to construct or compute the requested output.
</expandable>

<expandable alt_header="How does the Semantic Layer handle data?">

> The dbt Semantic Layer is part of dbt Cloud. It allows data teams to define metrics once, centrally, and access them from any integrated analytics tool, ensuring consistent answers across diverse datasets. In providing this service, dbt Labs permits clients to access Semantic Layer metrics. Client data passes through the Semantic Layer on the way back from the data warehouse. 

Author: ```suggestion
The dbt Semantic Layer is part of dbt Cloud. Terms of Service (ToS) for dbt Cloud apply to the Semantic Layer as well.  

The dbt Semantic Layer allows data teams to define metrics once, centrally, and access them from any integrated analytics tool, ensuring consistent answers across diverse datasets. In providing this service, dbt Labs permits clients to access Semantic Layer metrics. Client data passes through the Semantic Layer on the way back from the data warehouse. 
```

The dbt Semantic Layer does not store a physical copy of your data. It uses underlying tables to construct or compute the requested output.
</expandable>

<expandable alt_header="How does the Semantic Layer handle data?">

> The dbt Semantic Layer is part of dbt Cloud. Terms of Service (ToS) for dbt Cloud apply to the Semantic Layer as well.  

Author: ```suggestion
The dbt Semantic Layer is part of dbt Cloud. 
```
